docs/weeklycontribute.md, before:

---
id: weeklycontribute
title: Contributing to OpenEBS - Weekly
sidebar_label: Open source Meetings
---

## Weekly webinar details

Weekly contributor webinars are held on every Thursday 9:30 PM PST (Friday at 10:00 AM IST). Contributors and users can join this webinar using the zoom link [Join OpenEBS contributors weekly webinar](https://zoom.us/j/438333946)

Weekly webinar notes are managed using a [Google document](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12xfUKxjKpC-Vm6hSuJ7IFUNAQ3ZCVKJkPqoorDLBzQE/edit#slide=id.g357b4d5d33_0_0)



## Slides and recordings of the past contributor meetings	

|       Date       | Topics Discussed                                             | Resources                                                    |
| :--------------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
|   22 June 2018   | CAS Templates - Code Walkthrough                             | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqhO7Adrt38&feature=youtu.be) |
|   15 June 2018   | Mayactl operations in 0.6 release                            | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uyFy3EzbsE&t=17s) |
|   08 June 2018   | Kubernetes running Percona on OpenEBS cStor                  | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vu2aIOiq0ic)       |
|   01 June 2018   | - OpenEBS visualization & monitoring using      Weave Scope  | [OpenEBS Visualization using Weave Scope Slides](https://www.slideshare.net/OpenEBS/openebs-visualization-and-monitoring-using-weavescope-contributors-meet-1st-june-2018-100389424) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sq4ZE-1HJTM&feature=youtu.be) |
|   25 May 2018    | - Blue/Green Deployments using OpenEBS<br/>- Node Disk Manager - Dynamic Disk Detection | [Blue/Green Deployments Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gLAID3q3GRZbVLKqCa32bCOoYz9BP-guOpY3ipTXDek/edit?ts=5b0642cf#slide=id.g34dba79a54_0_0)/ [Dynamic Disk Detection Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1apG_x3WPo2GRzIHrfjpFW_3mBSk8PIuu_i1MNovVrDQ/edit#slide=id.p) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGLURfq53ek) |
|   18 May 2018    | - BDD using GoDog<br /> -Setting up EFK HA setup in k8's <br /> - Using swagger for maya api server | [BDD using GoDog Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UUz3K9XSEZuZ6c2oCMO-b28sV_XtqEFZemg5ovn4jJA/edit#slide=id.p) /<br />[Swagger for maya api Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1J49PwbXXyHJQTbhFvaMJ4fRs_mq9QhranynBy2jhkeE/edit#slide=id.g3aaa0f2c70_0_307) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB1SPtByXbY&feature=youtu.be) |
|   11 May 2018    | - Design of Cstor pool management <br /> - Upcoming features of Litmus | [Cstor Design Management Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14pvUbfLG4wE8_NFI7uWOo8rdkqpt5eBh1N3djtASln0/edit#slide=id.p) / [Session](https://youtu.be/75-twN5XfVU) |
|  27 April 2018   | - OpenEBS Litmus Design                                      | [Litmus Design Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZhY0Zm-5uyOKCUtXgRwS8MdyCpdyUP5k4rH2net9WOc/edit#slide=id.g34dba79a54_0_0) / [Session](https://youtu.be/WZO_p-367r8) |
|  20 April 2018   | - Running OpenEBS on OpenShift <br />- OpenEBS e2e journey <br />-Envisaging Litmus | [OpenEBS on OpenShift slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BcdLuHgfVUDeWJDubPOclECCjewZsoyL3pYXGvEirCQ/edit?usp=sharing) / [OpenEBS e2e slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1w1pn_Hg_dFMusLNX1EcdWaQ-ICEV81o5XKuTnA5WOA8/edit#slide=id.p) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lb5SoYLXJFM&feature=youtu.be) |
|  13 April 2018   | - Chaos Engineering in OpenEBS <br />Creating OpenEBS storage pool on google persistent disk. Read [Blog](https://medium.com/@karthik.s_5236/how-do-i-create-an-openebs-storage-pool-on-google-persistent-disk-66089d9abb81) | [Chaos Engineering slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1F_krWJl7IQlbSvO7fLe_bkuv1oy33Gvm4Xsm-eLB3Mk/edit#slide=id.g3657844e10_0_0) / [Session](https://youtu.be/SK9TGqOhGe0) |
|  06 April 2018   | - Steps to pin volume replicas to nodes in 0.5.3 . Read [Blog](https://blog.openebs.io/how-do-i-pin-the-openebs-replica-pod-s-to-the-kubernetes-nodes-where-they-were-scheduled-2ba42e3015df) <br /> - OpenEBS Volume snapshots via Kubernetes snapshot APIs | [K8s Snapshot user guide](https://github.com/kubernetes-incubator/external-storage/blob/master/snapshot/doc/user-guide.md) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvkmU4kFdxs&feature=youtu.be) |
|  23 March  2018  | - Architecture discussion on OpenEBS volume policies         | [Volume policies slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12xfUKxjKpC-Vm6hSuJ7IFUNAQ3ZCVKJkPqoorDLBzQE/edit#slide=id.g357b4d5d33_0_0) / [Session](https://youtu.be/Bp9Z1LmP8Io) |
|  16 March 2018   | - Review design for orchestrating cStor by OpenEBS        <br />-  Bringing up a K8s 1.9 cluster on Vagrant VMs | [cStor design slides ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1GsI0Sw9sekOkeOhq25rtMFMQdXJ6fIuhMhNKLBUCHEY/edit#slide=id.g34dba79a54_0_0) / [K8s on Vagrant VMs slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1L25J1nJEzacq8tGwOe3PsWUpzJFoLcTy3oabaXz5pmc/edit#slide=id.g314f501798_0_0) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-7mwbdVgwk) |
|  09 March 2018   | - Dedicating Kubernetes Nodes for OpenEBS Volume PODs <br /> - Using stern in Kubernetes/OpenEBS deployment <br/> - EFK stack for collecting logs  <br/> - Storage extensions to Kubernetes | [OpenEBS Volume PODs slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15qZqd0AMvtsaQWxXKDRXvYdoEleRhVA7c7LFJLEFIKQ/edit#slide=id.p) / [Deployement slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1y8eUa5QwzH9YJpzwS5N4ftIAScYNyUglXjVgTf5tMOA/edit#slide=id.p) / [node-disk manager slides ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11GLg21x7G-nMTNw8aNIOhhjW_-eK19zSI9Xm-0jYHKs/edit#slide=id.g34dba79a54_0_0) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLou2IqPQW0&t=287s) |
|  02 March 2018   | - Build OpenEBS operator from source <br/> - OpenEBS Debug session - issue [#1278](https://github.com/openebs/openebs/issues/1278) | [OpenEBS Debugging slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17GPYhpDYA6w8zg96pWrQkPyt3FBfyAdysTXzQ-dziBI/edit#slide=id.p) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AaT-tOqCPQ&t=999s) |
| 23 February 2018 | - Walkthrough of OpenEBS volume provisioning and debugging the common failures | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUKe2Squ13M&feature=youtu.be) |
| 16 February 2018 | - Contributors help wanted w.r.t OpenEBS helm charts - issue [#1171](https://github.com/openebs/openebs/issues/1171)  <br/>- Configuring storage pool, volume monitoring and volume replica count via Volume Policy | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFdnHjb0A9M&feature=youtu.be) |
| 09 February 2018 | - OpenEBS Upgrade High Level Design <br/>-  Recent user discussions - Storage Pool | [OpenEBS Upgade slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11TWcD51I4yj5f4GRi0AXpTKBetxEq8Imnm-B0Myx4dk/edit?usp=sharing) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3I3ahS4pIX8&feature=youtu.be) |
| 02 February 2018 | - Discuss the issue [#1184](https://github.com/openebs/openebs/issues/1184) <br/>- Proposed architecture and design for storage management | [OpenEBS Architecture slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mjOkAQppyd23sw7PIryxu5kSrex352bT6bINzw6mUFY/edit#slide=id.g34883d674a_0_601) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0igQwB3xF0o&t=1s) |
| 26 January 2018  | - Walkthrough of Policy Code Changes [#249](https://github.com/openebs/maya/pull/249) <br/>-  Walkthrough of text template engine used by OpenEBS, same as         what is used by helm and Kubernetes <br/>- End-to-end walk through of volume creation api <br/>- Show the CRDs used and the auto-generated code | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jmPl9kf33g&index=8&list=PLMvwgr-vV2NVdgQsU6sfFZXPMuiQGi4Hh) |
| 19 January 2018  | - cStor Containerization initial design <br/>-  OpenEBS Disk Management design doc <br/>-  Volume Policy update <br/>-  Demo of create, list, delete snapshot via kubectl | [cStor design slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mjOkAQppyd23sw7PIryxu5kSrex352bT6bINzw6mUFY/edit#slide=id.g2fcc6e6db8_0_0) / [Disk Management slides](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fG-KwUQNsuPYY40ByoBFqKJKpxzgyk7cQ5gqsGRXxfk/edit#heading=h.7tm14ibdl3m8) / [Volume Policy slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PFbHNfNOHFr5JhdXeON_s5cqEY2gwaQ9it1wAD_cZRc/edit#slide=id.g2efbdf9cdf_0_177) |


<!-- Hotjar Tracking Code for https://docs.openebs.io -->
<script>
   (function(h,o,t,j,a,r){
       h.hj=h.hj||function(){(h.hj.q=h.hj.q||[]).push(arguments)};
       h._hjSettings={hjid:785693,hjsv:6};
       a=o.getElementsByTagName('head')[0];
       r=o.createElement('script');r.async=1;
       r.src=t+h._hjSettings.hjid+j+h._hjSettings.hjsv;
       a.appendChild(r);
   })(window,document,'https://static.hotjar.com/c/hotjar-','.js?sv=');
</script>

Commit message:

Updated slides and session
Signed-off-by: nisanta <nisanta.sahoo@cloudbyte.com>

docs/weeklycontribute.md, after:

---
id: weeklycontribute
title: Contributing to OpenEBS - Weekly
sidebar_label: Open source Meetings
---

## Weekly webinar details

Weekly contributor webinars are held on every Thursday 9:30 PM PST (Friday at 10:00 AM IST). Contributors and users can join this webinar using the zoom link [Join OpenEBS contributors weekly webinar](https://zoom.us/j/438333946)

Weekly webinar notes are managed using a [Google document](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12xfUKxjKpC-Vm6hSuJ7IFUNAQ3ZCVKJkPqoorDLBzQE/edit#slide=id.g357b4d5d33_0_0)



## Slides and recordings of the past contributor meetings	

|       Date       | Topics Discussed                                             | Resources                                                    |
| :--------------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
|   6 July 2018    | Demo of Litmus NodeDiskManager and BDD                       | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPzB12ghUGs&feature=youtu.be) |
|   29 June 2018   | OpenEBS Litmus How To  - Running on Local PVs                | [Slides](https://www.slideshare.net/OpenEBS/using-litmus-with-local-pv-weekly-contributors-meet-29th-june-2018)/[Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMmWEQ01n6U&feature=youtu.be) |
|   22 June 2018   | CAS Templates - Code Walkthrough                             | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqhO7Adrt38&feature=youtu.be) |
|   15 June 2018   | Mayactl operations in 0.6 release                            | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uyFy3EzbsE&t=17s) |
|   08 June 2018   | Kubernetes running Percona on OpenEBS cStor                  | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vu2aIOiq0ic)       |
|   01 June 2018   | - OpenEBS visualization & monitoring using      Weave Scope  | [OpenEBS Visualization using Weave Scope Slides](https://www.slideshare.net/OpenEBS/openebs-visualization-and-monitoring-using-weavescope-contributors-meet-1st-june-2018-100389424) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sq4ZE-1HJTM&feature=youtu.be) |
|   25 May 2018    | - Blue/Green Deployments using OpenEBS<br/>- Node Disk Manager - Dynamic Disk Detection | [Blue/Green Deployments Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gLAID3q3GRZbVLKqCa32bCOoYz9BP-guOpY3ipTXDek/edit?ts=5b0642cf#slide=id.g34dba79a54_0_0)/ [Dynamic Disk Detection Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1apG_x3WPo2GRzIHrfjpFW_3mBSk8PIuu_i1MNovVrDQ/edit#slide=id.p) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGLURfq53ek) |
|   18 May 2018    | - BDD using GoDog<br /> -Setting up EFK HA setup in k8's <br /> - Using swagger for maya api server | [BDD using GoDog Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UUz3K9XSEZuZ6c2oCMO-b28sV_XtqEFZemg5ovn4jJA/edit#slide=id.p) /<br />[Swagger for maya api Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1J49PwbXXyHJQTbhFvaMJ4fRs_mq9QhranynBy2jhkeE/edit#slide=id.g3aaa0f2c70_0_307) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB1SPtByXbY&feature=youtu.be) |
|   11 May 2018    | - Design of Cstor pool management <br /> - Upcoming features of Litmus | [Cstor Design Management Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14pvUbfLG4wE8_NFI7uWOo8rdkqpt5eBh1N3djtASln0/edit#slide=id.p) / [Session](https://youtu.be/75-twN5XfVU) |
|  27 April 2018   | - OpenEBS Litmus Design                                      | [Litmus Design Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZhY0Zm-5uyOKCUtXgRwS8MdyCpdyUP5k4rH2net9WOc/edit#slide=id.g34dba79a54_0_0) / [Session](https://youtu.be/WZO_p-367r8) |
|  20 April 2018   | - Running OpenEBS on OpenShift <br />- OpenEBS e2e journey <br />-Envisaging Litmus | [OpenEBS on OpenShift slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BcdLuHgfVUDeWJDubPOclECCjewZsoyL3pYXGvEirCQ/edit?usp=sharing) / [OpenEBS e2e slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1w1pn_Hg_dFMusLNX1EcdWaQ-ICEV81o5XKuTnA5WOA8/edit#slide=id.p) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lb5SoYLXJFM&feature=youtu.be) |
|  13 April 2018   | - Chaos Engineering in OpenEBS <br />Creating OpenEBS storage pool on google persistent disk. Read [Blog](https://medium.com/@karthik.s_5236/how-do-i-create-an-openebs-storage-pool-on-google-persistent-disk-66089d9abb81) | [Chaos Engineering slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1F_krWJl7IQlbSvO7fLe_bkuv1oy33Gvm4Xsm-eLB3Mk/edit#slide=id.g3657844e10_0_0) / [Session](https://youtu.be/SK9TGqOhGe0) |
|  06 April 2018   | - Steps to pin volume replicas to nodes in 0.5.3 . Read [Blog](https://blog.openebs.io/how-do-i-pin-the-openebs-replica-pod-s-to-the-kubernetes-nodes-where-they-were-scheduled-2ba42e3015df) <br /> - OpenEBS Volume snapshots via Kubernetes snapshot APIs | [K8s Snapshot user guide](https://github.com/kubernetes-incubator/external-storage/blob/master/snapshot/doc/user-guide.md) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvkmU4kFdxs&feature=youtu.be) |
|  23 March  2018  | - Architecture discussion on OpenEBS volume policies         | [Volume policies slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12xfUKxjKpC-Vm6hSuJ7IFUNAQ3ZCVKJkPqoorDLBzQE/edit#slide=id.g357b4d5d33_0_0) / [Session](https://youtu.be/Bp9Z1LmP8Io) |
|  16 March 2018   | - Review design for orchestrating cStor by OpenEBS        <br />-  Bringing up a K8s 1.9 cluster on Vagrant VMs | [cStor design slides ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1GsI0Sw9sekOkeOhq25rtMFMQdXJ6fIuhMhNKLBUCHEY/edit#slide=id.g34dba79a54_0_0) / [K8s on Vagrant VMs slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1L25J1nJEzacq8tGwOe3PsWUpzJFoLcTy3oabaXz5pmc/edit#slide=id.g314f501798_0_0) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-7mwbdVgwk) |
|  09 March 2018   | - Dedicating Kubernetes Nodes for OpenEBS Volume PODs <br /> - Using stern in Kubernetes/OpenEBS deployment <br/> - EFK stack for collecting logs  <br/> - Storage extensions to Kubernetes | [OpenEBS Volume PODs slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15qZqd0AMvtsaQWxXKDRXvYdoEleRhVA7c7LFJLEFIKQ/edit#slide=id.p) / [Deployement slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1y8eUa5QwzH9YJpzwS5N4ftIAScYNyUglXjVgTf5tMOA/edit#slide=id.p) / [node-disk manager slides ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11GLg21x7G-nMTNw8aNIOhhjW_-eK19zSI9Xm-0jYHKs/edit#slide=id.g34dba79a54_0_0) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLou2IqPQW0&t=287s) |
|  02 March 2018   | - Build OpenEBS operator from source <br/> - OpenEBS Debug session - issue [#1278](https://github.com/openebs/openebs/issues/1278) | [OpenEBS Debugging slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17GPYhpDYA6w8zg96pWrQkPyt3FBfyAdysTXzQ-dziBI/edit#slide=id.p) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AaT-tOqCPQ&t=999s) |
| 23 February 2018 | - Walkthrough of OpenEBS volume provisioning and debugging the common failures | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUKe2Squ13M&feature=youtu.be) |
| 16 February 2018 | - Contributors help wanted w.r.t OpenEBS helm charts - issue [#1171](https://github.com/openebs/openebs/issues/1171)  <br/>- Configuring storage pool, volume monitoring and volume replica count via Volume Policy | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFdnHjb0A9M&feature=youtu.be) |
| 09 February 2018 | - OpenEBS Upgrade High Level Design <br/>-  Recent user discussions - Storage Pool | [OpenEBS Upgade slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11TWcD51I4yj5f4GRi0AXpTKBetxEq8Imnm-B0Myx4dk/edit?usp=sharing) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3I3ahS4pIX8&feature=youtu.be) |
| 02 February 2018 | - Discuss the issue [#1184](https://github.com/openebs/openebs/issues/1184) <br/>- Proposed architecture and design for storage management | [OpenEBS Architecture slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mjOkAQppyd23sw7PIryxu5kSrex352bT6bINzw6mUFY/edit#slide=id.g34883d674a_0_601) / [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0igQwB3xF0o&t=1s) |
| 26 January 2018  | - Walkthrough of Policy Code Changes [#249](https://github.com/openebs/maya/pull/249) <br/>-  Walkthrough of text template engine used by OpenEBS, same as         what is used by helm and Kubernetes <br/>- End-to-end walk through of volume creation api <br/>- Show the CRDs used and the auto-generated code | [Session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jmPl9kf33g&index=8&list=PLMvwgr-vV2NVdgQsU6sfFZXPMuiQGi4Hh) |
| 19 January 2018  | - cStor Containerization initial design <br/>-  OpenEBS Disk Management design doc <br/>-  Volume Policy update <br/>-  Demo of create, list, delete snapshot via kubectl | [cStor design slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mjOkAQppyd23sw7PIryxu5kSrex352bT6bINzw6mUFY/edit#slide=id.g2fcc6e6db8_0_0) / [Disk Management slides](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fG-KwUQNsuPYY40ByoBFqKJKpxzgyk7cQ5gqsGRXxfk/edit#heading=h.7tm14ibdl3m8) / [Volume Policy slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PFbHNfNOHFr5JhdXeON_s5cqEY2gwaQ9it1wAD_cZRc/edit#slide=id.g2efbdf9cdf_0_177) |


<!-- Hotjar Tracking Code for https://docs.openebs.io -->
<script>
   (function(h,o,t,j,a,r){
       h.hj=h.hj||function(){(h.hj.q=h.hj.q||[]).push(arguments)};
       h._hjSettings={hjid:785693,hjsv:6};
       a=o.getElementsByTagName('head')[0];
       r=o.createElement('script');r.async=1;
       r.src=t+h._hjSettings.hjid+j+h._hjSettings.hjsv;
       a.appendChild(r);
   })(window,document,'https://static.hotjar.com/c/hotjar-','.js?sv=');
</script>
